src/docs/store/combo-product.mdx, before:

## Combo Product

As the name suggests, **Combo Product** is a combination of multiple products. We can create combo products with **Simple Recipe** products and **Customizable products** along with **Inventory Products**. Combo product module in DailyOS is an incredible tool which enables restaurant owners to be innovative in menu engineering and create various product combination to satisfy different customer demographics.

**Step 1 - Select Products from Seller App**

We start with Seller App home screen. To create products (combo products), we select the **Products** module.

![Select Products](/images/store/comboProduct/Step1.png "Select Products")

**Step 2 - Create Combo Products** 

Inside the **Products** module, we can view all the created products including Inventory Products, Simple Recipe, Customisable Recipe, and Combo Products. Initially, the default list will be empty. To create Simple Recipe products, first select **Combo** from the horizontal list menu and then click on the **Add** button in top right corner of the screen.

![Create Combo Products](/images/store/comboProduct/Step2.png "Create Combo Products")

**Step 3 - Select Type of Product**

Select  **Combo Product**  from the list.

![Select Product Type](/images/store/comboProduct/Step3.png "Select Product Type")

**Step 4 - Enter Product Information**

We are redirected to a new tab where we will enter the combo product information.

![Enter Product Information](/images/store/comboProduct/Step4.0.png "Enter Product Information")

1. **Product Name** - Enter the product name.
![Enter Product Name](/images/store/comboProduct/Step4.1.png "Enter Product Name")

2.  **Add Description**  - Add basic descriptive information related to the combo product.
 -   **Tags**  - Product tags are descriptors assigned to specific products to organise and document. The product tag contains keywords or key phrases for each respective product which makes it easy for customers to search products in online store.
 -   **Description**  - Product description is used to describe product's value to customers. Adding a short description about the product can provide customers with details about the product.

 Click on the  **Save**  button to save the information added to the product.
![Enter Product Description](/images/store/comboProduct/Step4.2.png "Enter Product Description")

**Step 5 - Add Items**

1. **Add Item Label** - Enter a label for items to which the recipes will be added. We can add multiple labels for different categories of items or recipes.
![Add Item Label](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.1.png "Add Item Label")

2. **Add Product** - For each label created, we enter product type(s). We can add **Inventory Products**, **Simple Recipe Product**, and **Customizable Products**.

 - **Adding Simple Recipe Product** - Click on the **Simple Recipe Product** to add simple recipes to the earlier created label. Then, we select the simple recipe from the list of available products. If the simple recipe is missing from the list, then first such simple recipes must be created in the **Simple Recipe** module.
![Add Simple Recipe](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.2.1.png "Add Simple Recipe")
![Add Simple Recipe](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.2.2.png "Add Simple Recipe")

 - **Adding Customizable Product** - We can also create combo products with customizable recipe products. To add customizable recipe products, click on the **Customizable Product**. We select the customizable product from the list of available products. If the customizable product is missing from the list, then first such customizable recipe products must be created in the **Customizable Products** module.
 - **Adding Inventory Products** - We can also add inventory products to the combo product. To add inventory products, click on the **Inventory Product**. We select the inventory product from the list of available products. If the inventory product is missing from the list, then first such inventory products must be created in the **Inventory Products** module.

**Step 6 - Publish Combo Products**

Once all the information fields are added then we push the  **Toggle**  button in right top corner of the screen to publish the Combo product. Publishing the Combo product means that it is now available on the online store.

**Step 7 - View Combo Products**

All the created Combo products are listed under the  **Combo**  option to view. We can edit information for any of the existing Combo products by clicking on the Combo product, and we can delete any of the Combo products by clicking on the  **Delete**  button located in each Combo product row.

Commit message:

Small changes: Accompaniments are not directly added in Combo Product

src/docs/store/combo-product.mdx, after:

## Combo Product

As the name suggests, **Combo Product** is a combination of multiple products. We can create combo products with **Simple Recipe** products and **Customizable products** along with **Inventory Products**. Combo product module in DailyOS is an incredible tool which enables restaurant owners to be innovative in menu engineering and create various product combination to satisfy different customer demographics.

**Step 1 - Select Products from Seller App**

We start with Seller App home screen. To create products (combo products), we select the **Products** module.

![Select Products](/images/store/comboProduct/Step1.png "Select Products")

**Step 2 - Create Combo Products** 

Inside the **Products** module, we can view all the created products including Inventory Products, Simple Recipe, Customisable Recipe, and Combo Products. Initially, the default list will be empty. To create Simple Recipe products, first select **Combo** from the horizontal list menu and then click on the **Add** button in top right corner of the screen.

![Create Combo Products](/images/store/comboProduct/Step2.png "Create Combo Products")

**Step 3 - Select Type of Product**

Select  **Combo Product**  from the list.

![Select Product Type](/images/store/comboProduct/Step3.png "Select Product Type")

**Step 4 - Enter Product Information**

We are redirected to a new tab where we will enter the combo product information.

![Enter Product Information](/images/store/comboProduct/Step4.0.png "Enter Product Information")

1. **Product Name** - Enter the product name.
![Enter Product Name](/images/store/comboProduct/Step4.1.png "Enter Product Name")

2.  **Add Description**  - Add basic descriptive information related to the combo product.
 -   **Tags**  - Product tags are descriptors assigned to specific products to organise and document. The product tag contains keywords or key phrases for each respective product which makes it easy for customers to search products in online store.
 -   **Description**  - Product description is used to describe product's value to customers. Adding a short description about the product can provide customers with details about the product.

 Click on the  **Save**  button to save the information added to the product.
![Enter Product Description](/images/store/comboProduct/Step4.2.png "Enter Product Description")

**Step 5 - Add Items**

1. **Add Item Label** - Enter a label for items to which the recipes will be added. We can add multiple labels for different categories of items or recipes.
![Add Item Label](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.1.png "Add Item Label")

2. **Add Product** - For each label created, we enter product type(s). We can add **Inventory Products**, **Simple Recipe Product**, and **Customizable Products**.

 - **Adding Simple Recipe Product** - Click on the **Simple Recipe Product** to add simple recipes to the earlier created label. Then, we select the simple recipe from the list of available products. If the simple recipe is missing from the list, then first such simple recipes must be created in the **Simple Recipe** module.
 ![Add Simple Recipe](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.2.1.png "Add Simple Recipe")
 ![Add Simple Recipe](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.2.2.png "Add Simple Recipe")

 We can see that the **Simple Recipe Product** has been added to Items. When we click on the added Simple Recipe Product, we can see the configuration of the product including the product type in which the recipe is available, as Meal Kit and/or Ready-to-Eat. In addition, we can also see its serving size, price, discount, if available, and its discounted price. If we have to change any of the product configuration, we can click on the **Edit on Redirect** button which redirects to the module where the selected product has been created.
 ![Add Simple Recipe](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.2.3.png "Add Simple Recipe")

 - **Adding Inventory Products** - We can also add inventory products to the combo product. To add inventory products, click on the **Inventory Product**. We select the inventory product from the list of available products. If the inventory product is missing from the list, then first such inventory products must be created in the **Inventory Products** module.
 ![Add Inventory Products](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.2.4.png "Add Inventory Products")
 ![Add Inventory Products](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.2.5.png "Add Inventory Products")

 We can see that the **Inventory Product** has been added to Items. When we click on the added Inventory Product, we can see the configuration of the product including its price, discount, if available, and its discounted price. If we have to change any of the product configuration, we can click on the **Edit on Redirect** button which redirects to the module where the selected product has been created.
 ![Add Inventory Products](/images/store/comboProduct/Step5.2.6.png "Add Inventory Products")

 - **Adding Customizable Product** - We can also create combo products with customizable recipe products. To add customizable recipe products, click on the **Customizable Product**. We select the customizable product from the list of available products. If the customizable product is missing from the list, then first such customizable recipe products must be created in the **Customizable Products** module.

***NOTE:*** The option to add accompaniments was not available while creating **Combo Products**. However, we can still add accompanying products by virtue of adding **Simple Recipe Products** or **Inventory Products** which has accomapniments added to them. We can also simplify the **Combo Product** by selecting **Simple Recipe Products** and **Inventory Products which does not have any accompanimnets attached to it. 

**Step 6 - Publish Combo Products**

Once all the information fields are added then we push the  **Toggle**  button in right top corner of the screen to publish the Combo product. Publishing the Combo product means that it is now available on the online store.

**Step 7 - View Combo Products**

All the created Combo products are listed under the  **Combo**  option to view. We can edit information for any of the existing Combo products by clicking on the Combo product, and we can delete any of the Combo products by clicking on the  **Delete**  button located in each Combo product row.
