src/docs/recipe/create.mdx, before:

## Create Recipe

In the previous section, we covered the functionalities available in the Recipe app. In this section, we will create a meal kit recipe.

**Step 1 - Select Recipes Module**

![Select Recipe Module](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step1.png "Select Recipe Module")

We start with Recipe app home screen. There are two modules: **Recipes** and **Ingredients**. To create a recipe, we select the **Recipes** module.

**Step 2 - Create Recipe**

![Create Recipe](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step2.png "Create Recipe")

Inside the Recipes module, we can view all the created recipes. Since we haven't created any recipe, the default list view is empty. Let's create a recipe.

To create a recipe, click **Add**  button in the top right corner of the screen.

**Step 3 - Enter Recipe Information**

![Enter Recipe Information](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.0.png "Enter Recipe Information")

We are redirected to a new tab where we will enter the recipe information.

   1. **Recipe Tittle** - Add the title of the recipe.
 
![Add Recipe Tittle](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.1.png "Add Recipe Tittle")

 2. **Add Basic Information** - Add basic descriptive information related to the recipe.
 
	- **Recipe Type** - Based on the recipe type, categories the recipe either as Non-vegetarian, Vegetarian or Vegan.
	- **Cuisines** - Select the cuisines of the recipe. Initially, the cuisine section will be empty. We have to create the cuisines from Settings app >> Master Lists >> Cuisines.
	- **Author** - Add the Chef's name of the recipe.
	- **Cooking Time** - Add the estimated cooking time for the recipe.
	- **Utensils** - Add the utensils needed to cook the recipe.
	- **Description** - Add a short description or back story about the recipe.
	
	After filling the information fields, click **Save** button to save the information.

![Add Basic Information](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.2.png "Add Basic Information")

 3. **Add Photo to your Recipe** - Upload recipe images along with short title and brief description about the image.

![Add Photo to your Recipe](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.3.png "Add Photo to your Recipe")

4. **Add Servings** - Add serving sizes of the recipe. Click **Save** button to save the information.

![Add Servings](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.4.png "Add Servings")

5. **Add Ingredients** - Select ingredients of the recipe. Initially, the ingredients list will be empty. We have to create ingredients from Recipe app >> Ingredients >> Create Ingredients.

6. **Add Procedure** - Add procedures such as cooking directions and Chef's special notes for the recipe. Click **Save** button to save the information.

	A salient feature available in **Add Procedure** is the ability to make certain cooking steps invisible to the audience.

![Add Procedure](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.6.png "Add Procedure")

7. **Publish** - To publish the recipe, push the **Publish** button located in the top right corner of the screen.

**Step 4 - View Recipes**

![View Recipes](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step4.png "View Recipes")

The newly created recipe is published and available to view in **View Recipes**.

Commit message:

Updated: create recipe and create ingredients docs

src/docs/recipe/create.mdx, after:

## Create Recipe

In the previous section, we covered the functionalities available in the Recipe app. In this section, we will create a meal kit recipe.

**Step 1 - Select Recipes Module**

![Select Recipe Module](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step1.png "Select Recipe Module")

We start with Recipe app home screen. There are two modules: **Recipes** and **Ingredients**. To create a recipe, we select the **Recipes** module.

**Step 2 - Create Recipe**

![Create Recipe](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step2.png "Create Recipe")

Inside the Recipes module, we can view all the created recipes. Since we haven't created any recipe, the default list view is empty. Let's create a recipe.

To create a recipe, click **Add**  button in the top right corner of the screen.

**Step 3 - Enter Recipe Information**

![Enter Recipe Information](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.0.png "Enter Recipe Information")

We are redirected to a new tab where we will enter the recipe information.

   1. **Recipe Tittle** - Add the title of the recipe.
 
![Add Recipe Tittle](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.1.png "Add Recipe Tittle")

 2. **Add Basic Information** - Add basic descriptive information related to the recipe.
 
	- **Recipe Type** - Based on the recipe type, categories the recipe either as Non-vegetarian, Vegetarian or Vegan.
	- **Cuisines** - Select the cuisines of the recipe. Initially, the cuisine section will be empty. We have to create the cuisines from Settings app >> Master Lists >> Cuisines.
	- **Author** - Add the Chef's name of the recipe.
	- **Cooking Time** - Add the estimated cooking time for the recipe.
	- **Utensils** - Add the utensils needed to cook the recipe.
	- **Description** - Add a short description or back story about the recipe.
	
	After filling the information fields, click **Save** button to save the information.

![Add Basic Information](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.2.png "Add Basic Information")

 3. **Add Photo to your Recipe** - Upload recipe images along with short title and brief description about the image.

![Add Photo to your Recipe](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.3.png "Add Photo to your Recipe")

4. **Add Servings** - Add serving sizes of the recipe. Click **Save** button to save the information.

![Add Servings](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.4.png "Add Servings")

5. **Add Ingredients** - Select ingredients of the recipe. Initially, the ingredients list will be empty. We have to create ingredients from Recipe app >> Ingredients >> Create Ingredients.

	To add ingredients to the recipe, we start with clicking on **Add Ingredient**. Next, we select the ingredient and processing of the ingredient from the list of available ingredients. Click **Add** button to save the information.

	![Add Ingredients](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.5.1.png "Add Ingredients")

	Next, we have to assign sachet(s) to the corresponding serving sizes available for the recipe. We start with clicking on **Add** button available below the serving size icons. Next, we select the appropriate sachet for the corresponding serving size. Click **Save** button to save the information. Following the same steps, we had sachet for remaining serving sizes.

	![Add Sachet](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.5.2.png "Add Sachet")
	![Add Sachet](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.5.3.png "Add Sachet")
	![Add Sachet](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.5.4.png "Add Sachet")

	Similarly, other ingredients can be added to the recipe following the steps described in **Add Ingredients** procedure.



6. **Add Procedure** - Add procedures such as cooking directions and Chef's special notes for the recipe. Click **Save** button to save the information.

	A salient feature available in **Add Procedure** is the ability to make certain cooking steps invisible to the audience.

![Add Procedure](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step3.6.png "Add Procedure")

**Step 4 - Publish Recipe**

To publish the recipe, push the **Toggle** button located in the top right corner of the screen.

**Step 4 - View Recipes**

![View Recipes](\images\recipe\create-recipe\Step4.png "View Recipes")

The newly created recipe is published and available to view in **View Recipes**
